Suggestions to Thomas' PR (#130)
Trivivium/devops-2k20: report/REPORT.md

storage solution.

[prog-1]: https://dotnet.microsoft.com/
[prog-2]: https://dotnet.microsoft.com/apps/aspnet
[prog-3]: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/

### Database
Initially the system utilized [SQLite][db-1], which was the original choice of
the application before refactoring. However, we wanted to use a more
full-fletched database in our production environment. This was motivated
primarily by the learning opportunity regarding the operation of a complex
database system in a production environment. On top of this we had a variety of
limitations regarding SQLite regarding query efficiency under load and lack of
features for scaling and backups.

We decided on the user of [Microsoft SQL Server][db-2]. This choice was
motivated by our prior investment into the .NET ecosystem, and the choice of
Entity Framework as our ORM solution. The ORM provided a freedom of storage
solution, however the ORM still sees the SQL Server a first-class supported
database as it also originates from Microsoft. The column data-types used in
T-SQL (which is the SQL dialect used in SQL Server) has direct translation to C#
types, which provides us with confidence in the reliability during

> materialization of database (e.g., date-time or decimal precision).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
materialization of database record (e.g., not losing date-time or decimal precision).
```

### 2. operation

#### Containerization

The choice of manually installing, configuring, and operating Docker was a lot
more involved than a managed solution in terms of manual work, than many of the
managed alternatives, but it provided us with invaluable learning opportunities.
The setup process was interesting and we were able to learn various things about
the inner workings of docker, however it did leave space for the potential for

> critical areas, some of which we encountered (TODO link to database deletion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
errors in critical components of the application; some of which we encountered (TODO link to database deletion
```
